VeasyGuide helps low vision learners
follow educational presentations.
Using highlights and zoom,
we increase visual access to instructor actions.
[VIDEO] Any position or a point is given with respect
to a world or a universe coordinate system,
and in this case it's denoted by the letter A.
The position of.
[NARRATION] In presentations, visual changes
convey information.
They can signal important words
or expand on existing content.
But for low vision learners, searching for visual
changes is especially demanding.
Instructors can use pointers to guide learners
and digital pens to mark
or even sketch more explanations on the slide.
However, for low vision learners, pointing,
marking and sketching
activities are difficult to follow,
leading to the visual search problem.
VeasyGuide is designed
to address the visual search problem.
It has two main parts.
Activity recognition and activity. Visualization.
First to recognize activities,
VeasyGuide splits the video
into segments of frames
using the first and last frames of every window,
we calculate the visual difference,
resulting in regions of change marked in red.
With a graph representing regions of change
over time, we recognize
instructor activities using connected component
analysis marked in green.
[VIDEO] Self driving cars.
Like this one.
Or creating images from text.
[NARRATION] We describe the image and then
we get the output. Something like this.
VeasyGuide augments highlights over activities
with the ability to zoom in,
with the zoom window
automatically following new activities.
[VIDEO] ...you can use traces of people driving the car to train self driving card.
And explanation...
[NARRATION] Users can fully personalize their experience.
VeasyGuide can adapt to individual
needs of low vision learners
and different visual styles of presentation videos
to explore the impact on low vision learners.
We evaluated VeasyGuide with eight low vision
participants over two tasks and two conditions.
Our findings show that using VeasyGuide, low
vision users are able to locate
significantly more visual activities
with an increase of 33%
and doing that faster
with a reduction of 15% in visual search times.
Additionally,
the experience is improved when using VeasyGuide.
We significantly reduce cognitive load
when watching presentation videos
by reducing the difficulty of visual search.
We conduct an additional evaluation
with eight sighted
participants to explore its impact
on their learning experience.
For sighted users,
using VeasyGuide makes it easier to pay attention
and focus on the learning content,
demonstrating its potential
as a universal assistive tool.
VeasyGuide has the potential
to seamlessly integrate
into existing learning platform,
making them more accessible for all.